###5. Requirements (in traceable (and measurable) format)

####1. Functional requirements:

 * Account: If the visitors are not logged in, application should have the options for them to choose: log in if they have account or sign up if they have not got the account yet. 
 * Forget Password: If users forget their password, application can ask the user to provide their registered email address in order to send them their forgotten password.
 * If users login process success, the application should show the features list like getcheckAttendance, show cafeteria condition, show free labs , show available WC.
 * Users have to post their current postion to the application in order to get the Check Attendence functions, get currently available WC.
 * Users can access all the information of themself
 * Users can give feedback or report bugs through feedback form and admins receive the feedback

####2. Non-functional system requirements  

 * Usability: System should be simple, clear, and easy for user to interact with. Front page will contain the login and sign up features, each features will have its form for user to process. After users have logged in, system will show a list of features. Some features will need the position of users, so system will ask them to access their postion information. Each features will have its page, which simply show the information in that features.  

 * Reliability: how do you ensure that your system is reliable? List the possible system failures and how the system reacts to them. System has to protect user's information. Only admins and service provider can view part of user's information which is needed for their tasks. The user's position information should be also secured so that other cannot view it. For some tasks, users have to provide their position so that they cannot cheat like in check Attendance features.
Possible system failure may occur:   
  * Uncorrected ID/password -> log in again/forgot password/register
  * Cannot access position -> post Position/check phone connectivity/cancel
   
Efficiency: there are multiple people using your system. How do ensure that the system is efficient enough? What metrics would you use?

Since there thousands of people using the service, the system requires using some metrics which can help the system guarantee the speed, accessibility of the service. Fortunately, most uses occurs when users are at the university using the university's network, then the other important thing we need to consider is a user's ability to quickly get to know the application of the service. 

Along with the review of the service for guests, when login for the first time, users can go through simple hints how to quickly accomplish tasks with the user interfaces. These hint are spreads into different level, so it would not make users feel frustrated by going all the hints at one time.


What other non-functional requirements should be documented?
* Flexibility: Other extra or improvement should be discussed and planned from the beginning in order to make decision during the development process
* Portability: Application can run smoothly in mutiple platforms.
* Accessibility: Application should be easily accessed and used by everyone. Users do not have troubles to access and use the application.
* Scalability: System has the capability to grow in its capacity to meet the rising demand for its services offered.

Other common non functional :

* Accessibility
* Backup
* Efficiency
* Integrity
* Performance
* Privacy
* Resource constraints
* Security
* Reliability

What kind of metrics you should use to guarantee unambiguity?
* Application has to meet its functional requirements 
* Application availability(downtime, max peak down time),peak hours
* Capacity planning, responsiveness,trouble shooting and expand capability,
 
