###6. User interface

Views and components are listed and described by words

Views

	* Start page
	* Login
	* Sign up
	* Main page( with features list)
	* Check Attendance
	* Cafeteria condition
	* Available labs room
	* Available nearest WC
	
Components

	* Banner
	* Navigation
	* Show list button
	* Back button
	* Footer
	
Components

	* Banner: in the top middle of the page, it is displayed in every pages.
	* Navigation: in the start page, the navigation will contain login and logout, change language categories
	* Show list button: it display in everypage except the start page. It is located in the top right corner of the page. It shows the langguage settings and logout. 
	* Back button: User can go to the previous page by the back button. This button is located in the top left of the page.
	* Footer: contain information like about author, service, legal issues.
	
Pages

	* Start page: select language, description of the app in the middle, Login and Logout selection link. Actually users can login and logout from the main page.
	* Login: Username, password, submit, sign up link
	* Sign up: Form(email,username,password), agree to the Terms & Conditions, fill in the form , create new account and finally submit.
	* Main page: a list of main function features(check attendance, cafeteria condition, available labs room, available nearest WC)
	* Check attendance: require users to post their position. Display the class and subjects, then users can check Check Attendance button to confirm. If system cannot get user's position, a message will display to announce to users that they have to check the phone connectivity. If users are not in the class, systems announce to user that it cannot complete the action, please check again.
	* Cafeteria condition: Display the condition of cafeteria at the moment. This features side can display such as(crowded, normal, solitary) and also display the food that are served in that cafeteria, also the opened and closed time.
	* Available labs room: Users can simply press the Available labs room button then the page displays which room is available, number of available of seats and number of available computer, time of next class in that room.
	* Avalable nearest WC: require users to post their position. Simply show the map and get a guide line for users to go to their nearest WC.
	
